yo what's up guys it's Xbox here and I'm
bringing you some Dark Souls gameplay
what you better see is one of the very
first bosses you can encounter in the
game and I'm pretty sure this thing is
supposed to be pretty hard to kill and
you know you post a diamond up in your
soul forum or whatever but I ended up
taking the prick out I was pretty
surprised by that um yeah when you first
get here you actually you can actually I
snuck out some door on the left over
they can kind of see at the top left
corner of the screen there I'm you sneak
out there and you can actually go
collect some more items and kill some
skeletons and shit like when you first
get here I didn't have my axe or sword
or anything like that and so you would
probably mean really impossible to kill
this thing but um yeah you sneak out
grab some lime so I come back did that
cheap shot you dive down from the ledge
and I chopped him in the head and took
like half his health off and yeah I
chose the Pyromancer oh I don't really
know much about the classes or anything
like that because I didn't really get in
the demon souls very much any plate like
a month ago and I only play like two
levels and I didn't really know what I
was doing and I didn't enjoy that much
and maybe that was because I took so
long getting to the game you know um you
know by that time I play the game and
been out for you know two years but yeah
so I didn't really know class choose I
chose the Pyromancer and I'm so glad I
did those he has his fireball spell and
comes in handy so so much and I'm yeah I
kind of used it and it took so much
damage off that dude and yeah there was
I killed him so that was bad that was
pretty awesome I couldn't believe it
um yeah I'm really enjoying this game a
lot more than I thought I would because
I didn't enjoy demon souls very much um
I wasn't even going to get this game but
I started to buy it and yeah I'm glad I
did I'm loving it I've been playing it
for about I feel like I've been planning
it for hours but when I say they said I
was i planning plaintiff like an hour
and six minutes but I haven't actually
died yet I was going to do like a live
calm segment where I was gonna you know
live come while play and I thought it'd
be really funny because I'd be raging
and dying all the time but that hasn't
been the case I mean when you play Demon
Souls the very first level we get into
you I mean I was dying all the time
where this I I honestly I haven't died
yet so I'm not sure um I don't even know
if there's a nexus in this game yet
because I haven't been in so
form after after this you'll see I get
transported to like this other place and
I don't know if it's an early level in
the game or all like or anything yet I
don't know really what's going on
article taken there and it was Connor
it's very open welding you could kind of
go where you wanted to so I was just
wandering around and yeah I've been I've
been doing pretty good there's these
bonfires in it which it kind of totally
changes the game I think it kind of
makes this game way more easier in my
opinion because um you got like like
five healing potions and every time you
get to like a bonfire you get those back
as well as like your spell's
I can only use it like eight times at
fireball but when I get to a bonfire I
get them all back again so you know
having that kind of in the game is
really changed yet you know you know
what in your favor because you just go
out but when you go to when the dance I
go into bonfire is that all the enemies
respawn though so it was kind of good
though for being in my favorite to start
this and I on the next level that I end
up going to because I'm finding all
these skeletons and all and I they're
really hard and I use the bun the
fireballs on them and then I backtrack
back to the bonfire I got my shit back
and then I went you know a different
direction kind of thing they're fully
restored so I guess it's easier in that
sense it must be a lot easier just you
know with that in effect because like I
said I am and died and compared the
demon soul that died all the time but
yeah I'm absolutely loving this game
going to be playing it a bit more may
bring some more gameplay and stuff but
yeah I hope you enjoy this like a little
commentary on it yeah catch you guys
later